# A_Modified_BHO_and_BCS_With_Inversion_Mutation_for_FS_based_on_Modified_Objective_Function

Abstract: High dimensional datasets are highly likely to have redundant, irrelevant, and noisy features that negatively affect the performance of the classification algorithms. Selecting the most relevant features and reducing the dimensions of datasets by removing the undesired features is a dimensional reduction technique called Feature Selection (FS). In this paper, we propose an FS approach based on the Black Hole Algorithms (BHA) with inversion mutation technique MBHO. Generally, BHA contains two major phases. At exploitation phase, a set of stars are modified based on some rule and according to some objective function, the best star is selected as the black hole which attracts other stars. Furthermore, when a star get closer to the event horizon, it will be swallowed (spaghettification theory) and a new one will be randomly generated in the search space that thus is the exploration phase. However, randomness based may cause the problem to fall in the trap of local optima and to overcome such complication, inversion mutations are used. Furthermore, we modified a widely utilized Objective Function in most of the proposed works for wrapper feature selection by combining two new terms that are based on the correlation of the selected subset of features. Several experiments have been conducted in this paper and showed that the proposed model is an effective approach for FS and can be utilized as an alternative of the existed state-of-art-approaches

